[reddit user](https://www.reddit.com/user/EtTuAaron/) comments on A mother whose infant was fatally injured during a ransomware attack at Springhill Medical Center claims staff told her it was just a WiFi outage post:
- "i still don’t think people in mobile really grasp how bad it was. at the very least, the hospital **should have cancelled all scheduled surgeries and high risk deliveries and coordinated with other hospitals to get those patients transferred**. they threatened to shitcan us if we told patients anything or talked to the media. hospital administration killed this baby, and i’m glad this stuff is being exposed."
- "everyone who worked there knew. you couldn’t do your job properly due to the attack. the hospital absolutely threw the doctor under the bus, but the patient shouldn’t have been there in the first place. administration should have coordinated with the other hospitals in the area to transfer patients like the mother in the article so they could get proper treatment but they didn’t."
- "i worked there when it happened. we all knew the same day exactly what happened. ... it made it so that **we couldn’t do our jobs and that made it unsafe for patients**. what’s more, the hospital tried to cover it up and threatened to fire any employees who told patients the extent of what was happening. instead of being honest and trying to get patients to facilities where they could be treated properly, smc decided to try to carry on like it was just a minor inconvenience and that led to bad outcomes for patients, including a dead baby. and look how it turned out for them. a potentially huge payout from this lawsuit, compounded with a massive settlement from a separate lawsuit a couple years ago, plus all the lost revenue during covid, PLUS **the huge amount of money they lost due to the ransomware attack**. it was abject idiocy on the part of hospital management and it made an already bad situation a million times worse."
- "i know for a fact an employee went to the news anonymously. i’m not sure if they were found out and terminated or punished in any way ... it wasn’t just that medical records and computers went down like during a routine downtime. the attack caused equipment like patient monitors to go down too, which is how **the staff missed the signs of fetal distress exhibited by the baby** in this case. it was a particularly nasty and effective computer virus that springhill was in no way prepared for and had no real contingency for dealing with it immediately. once it was unleashed there was really nothing for them to do but to rebuild their server and network pretty much from scratch. but the biggest sin was them trying to cover it up and not letting their patients know what was happening. that was irresponsible and this upcoming case may decide whether or not it was criminal."