- After AIIMS went fully digital in 2016, a doctor Dr. Agrawal had wrote to the Union Healthy Ministry on his concerns about the lack of infrastructure: “The largest e-Hospital installation by NIC is at AIIMS, New Delhi. However, there is no database administrator, security administrator and system administrator at site for the installation, putting the whole project at risk" [source](https://theprint.in/india/was-aiims-cyberattack-inevitable-doctors-flagged-risks-soon-after-hospital-went-digital-in-2016/1257615/)
	* 4 months later a superintendent at AMS wrote to the Union Healthy Ministry: "There is no disaster backup for maintaining continuity of operations in case of primary site failure, despite repeated requests to the NIC for the same. This can have very serious repercussions on patient care ... Upkeep time does not meet international standards,” [Dr. Sharma](https://theprint.in/india/was-aiims-cyberattack-inevitable-doctors-flagged-risks-soon-after-hospital-went-digital-in-2016/1257615/)
- Doctors also spoke about having little to no training on cybersecurity practices to the employees [source](https://csipr.nliu.ac.in/news-updates/the-aiims-cyber-attack-and-indias-dilapidated-cyber-security-infrastructure/) "But while digitisation did ease the functioning of the hospital, cyber-safety was never given importance. There are no workshops or seminars organised to inform doctors about digital hygiene. The systematic upgradation of computers at AIIMS is also absent.”
- "the heads of the departments at AIIMS were called for a meeting by the hospital’s director and were simply told to not use any external devises on their computers. No information was given to us about when the system will be restored or how the malware entered the hospital’s system" [source](https://theprint.in/india/was-aiims-cyberattack-inevitable-doctors-flagged-risks-soon-after-hospital-went-digital-in-2016/1257615/)
- "The process of digitisation was progressing. The idea was to make the patients’ records accessible even in private hospitals if the patient moves out of AIIMS for treatment. But the cyberattack is a big setback" [source](https://theprint.in/india/was-aiims-cyberattack-inevitable-doctors-flagged-risks-soon-after-hospital-went-digital-in-2016/1257615/)